Old Fashioned Molasses Ginger Cookies
½ cup melted shortening 4 teaspoons baking powder
1 cup molasses 1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons warm water ¼ teaspoon baking soda
3 cups flour ½ teaspoon ginger
1 egg, well beaten 1 ½ teaspoon cinnamon
Mix together melted shortening, molasses, and warm water; add
beaten egg. Sift together all remaining ingredients into first mixture
to make soft dough. Let stand 15 minutes until mixture thickens.
Roll out small portions at a time on floured board. Roll out 1-4 inch
thick. Cut with floured doughnut cutter. Place on greased baking
sheet or pan; turn oven heat regulator to 375 F (moderate oven).
Bake about 15 minutes. Store in a cookie jar where they will become
soft. Makes 4 dozen.

Peach Upside-Down Cake
1-3 cup shortening
2-3 cup sugar
2-3 cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
¼ teaspoon almond flavoring
2 eggs 
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 2-3 cups flour
1 -8 teaspoon salt
Cream shortening and sugar. Add rest of ingredients and beat well.
Pour over peach mixture.
Peach Mixture: 1-3 cup butter or substitute, 1 cup light-brown
sugar 1 1-2 cups sliced peaches.
Place butter and sugar in skillet. Heat slowly stirring constantly
until well browned. Add peaches. Cover with cake batter and bake
25 minutes in moderate oven. Turn out peach side up. Serve hot or
cold, with or without whipped cream, as desired.

Strawberry Short-Cake
To one quart of flour add two heaping teaspoonfuls baking powder,
one tablespoonful of white sugar, and a little salt; mix thoroughly
while dry. Chop up three tablespoonfuls of butter in the flour thus
prepared. To one large cup of milk (sweet) add one egg. Then put
the whole together as quickly and with as little handling as possible.
Roll into two sheets, each about half an inch thick. Bake in wellgreased
pan, laying one sheet on top oi the other. When done, and
while yet warm, separate them; when cold, put between the two
crusts a thick layer of strawberries well sprinkled with powdered
white sugar. Arrange the largest strawberries on top with small end
upwards. Cut in wedgeshaped pieces and dust powdered sugar over
them just before serving. Blackberries, raspberries, very ripe plums,
and in fact nearly all kinds of fruit may be substituted for strawberries