 Prune Sauce Cake
2 eggs 2 cups flour
3 tablespoons butter, melted 2 teaspoons baking powder
1 cup sugar ½ teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla ¾ pound prunes, well cooked
Beat the eggs, then add the melted butter, sugar and vanilla. Stir
well and add the flour sifted with the salt and baking powder. Cut
the prunes up fine, removing the stones, and mix them in. Stir well,
turn into a buttered cake pan and bake in a moderately hot oven
(375 degrees F.) for about one hour. This makes a cake which is
somewhat reminiscent of apple sauce cake.
The juice which clings to the prunes furnishes the only liquid in
the cake except for the eggs. If more moisture is needed, add a little
of the prune juice. Unless the prunes are very sweet, it would be
wise to add a little sugar to them during the cooking .

Jelly Roi led Cake
3 eggs 1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 cup sugar ½ teaspoon soda
1 cup flour 1 glass currant jelly
Beat the eggs until very light. Add the sugar and then the dry ingredients
which have been mixed and sifted together. Turn into a
buttered and floured pan-an oblong one preferable-having the
batter not over one-half inch thick~ Bake in a moderate oven (350
degrees F.) for twelve to fifteen minutes.
Have ready a clean towel or cloth and when the cake is done slip
fii it out, bottom side up, on the cloth. If the edges on the long sides
a have baked too hard, trim them off. Spread the cake quickly with 
the jelly and, commencing at the end, roll it up, wrapping tightly
with the cloth. Let it stand with the cloth around it until cool to help
 keep it in shape. When ready for use, slices are cut from one end.
 
Macaroons
¾ pound sweet almonds 3 cups sugar
¾ pound bitter almonds 6 egg whites
Blanch the almonds and chop them as fine as possible. Beat the
egg whites until they are very stiff and fold in the sugar and then the
finely chopped almonds. Drop on buttered paper and bake in a slow
oven (300 degrees F.) from fifteen to twenty minutes. This makes
about nine dozen macaroons.
Bitter almonds give these macaroons their fine flavor.

Peanut Cookies
½ cup butter ½ cup flour
1 cup sugar ¼ teaspoon salt
1 egg 2 cups chopped peanuts
Cream the butter, add the sugar gradually, and beat in the wellbeaten
egg. Sift the flour and salt together and add with the peanuts.
Drop from a spoon on a well-greased cookie sheet and bake in
a 1:1-oderate oven (350 degrees F.) from fifteen to twenty minutes.
This makes about four dozen cookies, very rich in peanuts. In fact,
the idea 1s to use Just enough other ingrefiients to make the peanuts
stick together.