Sweet Potato Custard
2 cups mashed potatoes 1 cup SWeet milk 1 teaspoon grated nutmeg
2 cups SUgar 5 eggs ½ cup butter
To potatoes add one-half teaspoon baking powder. Beat yolks of
eggs and add the potatoes, the melted butter, sugar and milk. Beat
until very light. Put in two pie crusts and bake. Remove from oven
and while hot spread a layer of peach or apple preserves on top.
Then the meringue, and brown.

Pumpkin Pie
1 cup stewed pumpkin
1 cup brown sugar (or white)
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
¼ teaspoon salt
2 eggs
2 cups milk
2 tablespoons melted butter
Pastry 
Add the sugar and seasoning to the pumpkin and mix well. Then
add the slightly beaten eggs and the milk and last of all stir in the
melted butter. Turn into a pie plate lined with pastry and bake in
a hot over.1(425 degrees F) for five minutes. Then lower the heat to
moderate J350 degrees F) and bake until the filling is set. A knife
inserted into the center 9f the pie should come out clean when the
pie is done. The pie should be thorough ly cold when served.

Buttermilk Custard Pie
3 eggs, separated 3-4 cup butter Grated rind of 1 lemon 
½ cup sugar (about) 3 tablespoons flour Pastry  
2 cups buttermilk 
Cream the butter and suga~ and add the well beaten egg yolks.  
Add the flour, grated lemon rmd and then the buttermilk. Fold in
the stiffly beaten egg whites and turn into two pie pans lined with
pastry. The crust should be baked in a hot oven for fifteen minutes 7 ~
before putting in the filling.
Bake in a moderately hot oven (375 degrees F) for about forty '
minutes. If the milk is very sour, add more sugar. We found that 
two-thirds of a cup of sugar was needed when we tested this recipe.

Peach Dumplings
1 ½ cups flour 6 tablespoons sugar 6 peaches
½ teaspoon salt 3 teaspoons baking powder
½ cup milk 5 tablespoons shortening
Sift dry ingredients. Mix in shortening. Add milk to make soft
dough. Roll 1-8 inch thick on floured board. Divide into 6 parts. On &
each place 1 pared peach sprinkled with sugar. Put 1 teaspoon sugar 1
and 1-4 teaspoon butter on each.
Moisten edge of dough, fold up around peach, pressing tightly together
Place in greased pan, sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar, and
dot with butter. Bake in moderate oven about 40 minutes. Serve
with the following sauce:
1-3 cup butter  1 cup powdered sugar Extract
Beat butter until very light. Add sugar slowly, beating until light
and creamy. Add extract. Beat again. Grate nutmeg and little orange
peel over top.