Moisten Gummed Edge and stick this sheet in "Aunt Julia's Cook Book"

Pine Bark Stew

For best results Pine Bark Stew should be made in old fashioned type Dutch oven that will hold around four gallons. In
order that you may have a large quantity of coals to give you a
slow, steady heat, your fire should be built ahead of time. Fry
out all possible grease from about one pound of stripped bacon and
place several sliced onions in this fat, then add about two inches
of water. Place a layer of dressed fish, then a layer of potatoes,
and so on, until quantity required has been used. After this begins
to boil put in a liberal amount of salt and one tablespoon
curry powder. This should stew slowly for about three quarters
of an hour with the fish, potatoes and onions entirely covered
with water.

While the above is cooking have on a fire near by a sauce pan
with one pound of melted butter, which should be poured gradually
into the boiling stew after it has been thoroughly melted,
and flavor with the following: One bottle Worcestershire sauce,
one large bottle tomato catsup, teaspoon red pepper, tablespoon
Gurry powder, and liberal supply of black pepper. Stir the
sauce frequently, keep it on a slow heat, and continue to dip from
the fish stew into the sauce until it cooks thoroughly. Stew should
be served on rice with an abundance of gravy poured over. The
above ingredients should be used in preparation for quantity sufficient
to serve about twenty people.

Red Horse Bread

Into one quart of meal stir thoroughly four tablespoons flour,
three eggs, pinch soda, one and one-half teaspoons baking powder,
several tablespoons bacon grease, salt to taste. After this has
been thoroughly mixed add water, stirring constantly until you
have a dough slightly heavier in form than batter. Drop this from
tablespoon into very hot deep fat (fat in which fish have been
cooked adds to flavor) and allow to come to a golden brown.
Serve while hot.

Ground Hawg Fish
Dress fish as for baking, season to taste, wrap thoroughly in
brown paper (wax paper is better). Dig hole in ground about
five inches deep, place wrapped fish in hole, cover with earth
and build your camp fire immediately over the spot. After three
or four hours of constant fire fish will be ready to serve.

Your ESSO Dealer