Chicken Pie
Make pastry not as rich as for dessert. Steam chicken until tender,
Line baking pan with pastry and put in one-half chicken and one
tablespoonful of butter, then put in more pastry, remainder of chick-.
en and another tablespoonful of butter. Strain the water and pour
over the pie, then cover with pastry: when nearly done put a cup
of sweet milk, thickened with flour in the opening in center of top
pastry. 

Maryland Chicken
Temperature, 350 degrees: Time, 1 1-2 to 2 hours or Temperature,
275 degrees; Time 3 hours.
4½ to 5 pound chicken 1 year old
1 ½ teaspoons salt
1-8 teaspoon pepper
1 !12 cups crumbs
1 egg
½ cup milk
½ cup boiling water
Singe the chicken and cut into pieces. Wash thoroughly. Add the
salt and pepper to the fine bread or cracker crumbs., Beat the egg
and add the milk. Dip the pieces of chicken into the egg and milk
mixture, then into the crumbs. Repeat this process and brown the
chicken in deep fat heated to a temperature of 375 degrees fahrenheit,
or in a frying pan in 4 tablespoons of melted fat. Place in a bakIng dish and add 1-2 cup of boiling water. Cover and bake at either
of the above temperatures.
 
Swiss Steak
2 pounds round or sirloin cut 2 in- 1 medium onion sliced
ches thick ½ cup green peper chopped fine
½ cup flour 1 cup boiling water
¼ cup ham or bacon drippings 1 cup canned tomatoes
Mix flour and seasonings and pound thoroughly into meat. Heat
drippings and brown the meat on each side. Add onion, green pepper,
boiling water and tomatoes. Cover and cook slowly over a very low
flame 2 hours.

Brunswick Stew
1 hen 1 cup rice
½ pound veal 2 large onions or 4 small ones
½ pound salted pork ½ bottle Worchestershire sauce
1 quart tomatoes Bit of celery seed
1 quart butter beans Salt
1 quart corn Sugar

10 Irish potatoes size of an egg Pepper to taste
Boil meats until tender enough to mince very fine, remove all bones,
add vegetables according to time it takes to cook each tender, except
potatoes. They should be creamed and added after everything
else 1s thoroughly cooked. Potatoes thicken the stew and it is liable
to cause it to stick to the vessel unless constantly stirred. Add sauce
after stew is about half cooL