Sweet-Potato Biscuit
3 cups flour
6 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup of mashed sweet potatoes
4 tablespoons shortening
1 cup milk
Sift together the flour, baking powder,sugar and salt. Add the
potatoes and then the milk and mix into a soft dough. Roll out as
other biscuit and bake in oven.

Beaten Biscuits
Put one and one-half teaspoonfuls salt to one and one-half quarts
of flour. Sift twice and mix well with a teacupful of lard. Moisten
with ice water, add water slowly till a stiff dough is formed. Knead
well, then beat until the dough blisters. Roll to thickness of one-half
inch. Cut with small cutter and bake in steady strong oven.

Rice Muffins
2 cups flour
4 teaspoons baking powder
½ teaspoon salt
1 cup cold cooked rice
2 eggs, well beaten
1 cup milk
3 tablespoons melted butter
Mix and sift the dry ingredients. Add the rice, stirring well, and
then combine with the milk and eggs which have been mixed together.
Lastly stir in the melted butter. Turn into well-greased muffin tins 
and bake in a quick oven (425 degrees F.) for about twenty
five minutes. This recipe make~ twelve muffins. 

Old Virginia 5poon Bread
1 cup white cornmeal
1 cup boiling water
1 tablespoon buttter
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg, well beaten
1 cup rich milk
1 ½ teaspoons baking powder
Scald the cornmeal with the boiling water, then stir in the butter,
salt and well-beaten egg. Add the baking powder and milk. Turn
into a well-buttered pan and bake for forty minutes in a moderately
hot oven (375 degrees F.). Serve hot with butter. This is an especial~
ly delicious bread, and it is not at all difficult to make. This recipe
makes eight large portions.

Hoe Cake
1 cup white cornmeal 
1 teaspoon sugar Milk or water
½ teaspoon salt 
Mix the cornmeal, salt and sugar and add enough boiling milk or
water to make a batter which will not spread when put upon the
griddle. Grease the griddle with salt pork; drop the mixture on with
large spoon. Each cake should be about half an inch thick. Cook slowly,
and when browned, put a bit of butter on top of each cake and
turn over, They cannot cook too long, provided they do not burn.