Sweet Potato Pone
1 cup grated raw sweet potato 1-4 cup molasses
2 eggs   ½ cup milk
1/2 cup sugar 1/2 tablespoon ginger
Add the eggs to the sweet potato and beat well; add the remaining
ingredients and beat until thoroughly mixed. Turn the mixture
in to a buttered baking dish and bake in a moderate oven ( 350 degrees
F) for about an hour.

Sweet Potato Pudding
1/2 pound sweet potatoes
1/2 pound brown sugar
¼ pound butter
4 egg yolks
2 egg whites
1 teaspoon grated nutmeg
½ cup sherry
Boil the sweet potatoes and mash while they are hot. Allow them
to cool. Cream the butter and sugar together. Add the well beaten
egg yolks, the nutmeg, mashed potatoes and the sherry. Fold in the
egg whites and turn into a buttered baking dish. Bake in a moderate
oven (350 degrees F) for about thirty-five minutes. Serve with
hard sauce. This will serve six. generously.

Sweet Potato Marshmallow Pudding
3 large sweet potatoes
1 egg
2 tablespoons butter
1 cup milk
½ cup seeded raisins
4 tablespoons sugar
12 marshmallows
Boil sweet potatoes until done. Peel and mash until creamy. Add
the beaten egg, butter, milk, raisins and sugar. Put into a buttered
baking dish and top with the marshmallows. Bake for about ten
minutes in a moderate oven (350 degrees F) or until the marshmallows
brown.

 Apple Betty
3 cups sliced apples
1 cup of soft, white bread broken
into small pieces, or cut ,into
fingers
3 or 4 tablespoons butter
¾ cup sugar
1 teaspoon grated nutmeg
or
¼ teaspoon powdered cloves
½ cup water
¼ teaspoon salt
Place in buttered pudding dish, or deep pie dish, one layer of
sliced apples;_then a layer of broken white bread ( or cut into small
fingers). Sprinkle well with sugar and just a little nutmeg; then
put little dabs of butter all over the layer. Repeat, in the same order,
one layer on top of another, until the dish is full. Add the salt to the
water and pour into a dish. Turn oven heat regulator to 350 F. (moderate
oven). Bake 45 to 50 minutes. Bread should be nicely browned
on top.