Pineapple Pudding
1-3 cup butter 1 cup bread crumbs
1/2 cup sugar 1 cup grated pineapple
2 eggs, separated
Cream the butter and sugar, add the beaten egg yolks, then the
bread crumbs and fruit, and lastly fold in the stiffly beaten egg
whites. Turn into a buttered pudding dish and bake in a moderate
oven (325 degrees F) for about thirty-five minutes. Canned pineapple
may be used for this dessert in place of the fresh fruit, but then
the sugar should be decreased.

Steamed Fig, Date or Raisin Pudding
2½ cups soft bread crumbs 1 cup brown or light brown sugar
½ cup milk 1 cup chopped figs
3 eggs  ½ teaspoon salt
½ cup finely chopped suet
Soak bread crumbs in milk. Chop the suet into very small pieces.
Chop or cut figs or dates into small pieces. Mix all ingredients together
and put in to a buttered mold with cover (or can be cooked in
top pot of double boiler). Steam for 4 hours. Serve with Cream Vanilla
sauce.

Cream Vanilla Sauce
2 tablespoons butter 3 tablespoons sugar
2 tablespoons flour 2 cups milk
1-16 teaspoon salt or just a pinch 1 teaspoon vanilla
Melt butter in pot (do not brown butter); when melted, remove
from flame and stir in flour until smooth. Add milk, salt and sugar
and return to flame. Stir constantly until mixture boils and thickens.
Allow to actually· boil (slowly) for three minutes. Then remove
from stove and add vanilla.

Bread Pudding
1 1/2 cups dry, stale bread (broken) ½ teaspoon salt
3 cups milk ½ teaspoon cinnamon
2 tablespoons melted butter ½ teaspoon grated nutmeg
1-3 cup sugar 2 eggs
Soak bread in milk for 15 minutes. Stir in melted butter and
seasoning. Add eggs, beaten with rotary beater, stir in gently but
thoroughly Pour into buttered baking dish. Turn oven heat regu-
lator to 350 F.(moderate oven) and bake for one hour. Serve hot
with, hard sauce; 
 
Hard Sauce

Confectioners sugar  Butter  Vanilla flavoring
To make one cup of Hard Sauce put 4 level tablespoons of solid
butter in a bowl and stir until it becomes a creamy consistency
Then stir  Confectioners' sugar into the butter, a tablespoon at a time,
and stir, until each addition of sugar has combined with butter. 
Continue to add sugar until mixture, is of solid consistency. During
the last addition of sugar add 6 to 8 drop of yanilla extract.